Whether this is your first or tenth use of Martin-Bishop Field, we welcome you and your group. The volunteers that maintain the Field hope that your visit is a memorable and enjoyable one. As volunteers we have done all that we can to insure that your experience is a pleasant one.

Where is the field?

How much is field rental?
Saturday Sunday Holidays: $1300
Friday – $850
Monday – Thursday $550

What time can I expect the field to be open?
The field will be unlocked at 8:00 am, toilets and refrigerators will be accessible beginning at 10:00 am.

What time does the field close?
The field closes at 10:00 pm.

When is payment due?
A non refundable deposit of $500 is due upon reservation, final payment balance is due within 21 days.

Can I have music or a band?
Yes, provided the music is kept at a reasonable level with respect to our neighbors. Per the Town Noise Ordnance all music must cease at 10:00 pm.

Can I bring my pet?
Yes, provided you and your guests are responsible pet owners and pick up and dispose of all pets deposits in a proper fashion.

Can we decorate the pavilion?
Decorations are allowed provided that no staples, tacks, or permanent fasteners are used. Please remove and dispose of all decorations at the event’s conclusion.

What are my clean up responsibilities?
All trash is to be put in the dumpsters, refrigerators emptied of all food and beverage, leaving the field in the condition that you found it. Ensure smokers dispose of butts in a proper fashion- there are provided things. Replace all tables back to their original positions if moved. Please use only the supplied toilet paper.

Am I allowed to have alcohol at my event?
Alcohol is permitted, provided you observe all state and town laws regarding its distribution and consumption. You are solely responsible for the safety of your guests: drink responsibly

What kind of sports equipment do you have?
Horseshoe pits with shoes. Volleyball net with badminton rackets basketball hoop, backstop for softball. Provide your own volleyball, basketball, birdies, and softball equipment.

Who do I contact in the event of an emergency or situation?
You may call:

Michael 203-507-9645
Stephen 203-907-5942